## Smart City Solar Tracking Simulation


This simulation is primarily a *continuous based simulation*, with one human action required. The goal of the simulation is to automatically (without human input) update the orientation of the solar panels to the optimum angle. When the battery is fully charged, the simulation requires a human to change the battery (i.e. start the simulation again). For the inputs, the change of angle in the sun, the possibility of extreme winds, and the likelihood of clouds are all fairly reasonable to link to the month - it makes sense to use an average weather pattern in a simulated system. 

I have tried to build the simulation so that additional detail and real world data could be incorporated into the simulation: in the future, I would like to model individual days, with real data about cloud conditions and wind speed, more accurate positioning, and accurate information about how efficiently energy would pass from sun to panel to battery under the conditions specified.

I have chosen to do simulate this using pre-computed values that change the orientation of the panels in a continuous loop based on month, i.e. when January rolls around in 2019, the panels should be pointing at the same location they were in Janaury 2018. The benefit of this simulation method is that it is low maintenance - the major benefit of a smart city approach to solar energy would seem to me to cut down on human labor (and, potentially, error). The output will show how long it takes the battery to charge given the time of year (and the eventuality of wind and clouds). This information, if it was sufficiently precise, would help inform decision making about the utility of installing solar panels in both public and private contexts.
